BUG: Raise early on non-finite values in PSD (Welch) and ICA.fit (Fix… (#13486)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/devel/13364.bugfix.rst

Fail early with a clear error when non-finite values (NaN/Inf) are present

> in PSD (Welch) and in ICA.fit, avoiding deep assertion failures by :newcontrib: `Emma Zhang`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved error message when non-finite values (NaN/Inf) are detected in calls to
:meth:`inst.compute_psd(method="welch") <mne.io.Raw.compute_psd>` or
:meth:`ICA.fit() <mne.preprocessing.ICA.fit>`, by :newcontrib:`Emma Zhang`.
```
